README.md, before:

# Team Webpage Generator

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Table of Contents

* **[Description](#Description)**

* **[Installation](#Installation)**

* **[Constributions](#Contributions)**

* **[Testing](#Testing)**

* **[Questions](#Questions)**


### Description

A nice easy to use application that takes input in the command line and creates an html file of all the current employees within a project. Using regular expression validation on inputs to ensure no one enters data incorectly. Also ensuring github usernames are linked correctly it includes the url so all that needs to be entered is the username. 


### Installation

clone this repository locally. Open in command line and run 'npm init' followed by 'npm install'. Once finished installing run 'node app.js' and follow the prompts.


### Constributions

None


### Testing

For testing run 'npm run test' to begin jest testing. All tests return positive on final commit of this repository. Any negative results please contact using the details in the 'Questions' below.


### Questions

**Any questions please contact me either [here](https://github.com/tallglassof-milkjake) or at jrmackinlay90@gmail.com

Commit message:

Updated README.md with screenshots and gif

README.md, after:

# Team Webpage Generator

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Table of Contents

* **[Description](#Description)**

* **[Screenshots](#Screenshots)**

* **[Installation](#Installation)**

* **[Constributions](#Contributions)**

* **[Testing](#Testing)**

* **[Questions](#Questions)**


### Description

A nice easy to use application that takes input in the command line and creates an html file of all the current employees within a project. Using regular expression validation on inputs to ensure no one enters data incorectly. Also ensuring github usernames are linked correctly it includes the url so all that needs to be entered is the username. 


### Screenshots

![GIF of app in action](/Assets/teamWebpageBuilder.gif)

![Validating Strings](/Assets/stringValidator.png)

![Validating Numbers](/Assets/numberValidator.png)

![Email Validator](/Assets/emailValidator.png)

![Final Product in Browser](/Assets/resultBrowser.png)


### Installation

clone this repository locally. Open in command line and run 'npm init' followed by 'npm install'. Once finished installing run 'node app.js' and follow the prompts.


### Constributions

None


### Testing

For testing run 'npm run test' to begin jest testing. All tests return positive on final commit of this repository. Any negative results please contact using the details in the 'Questions' below.


### Questions

**Any questions please contact me either [here](https://github.com/tallglassof-milkjake) or at jrmackinlay90@gmail.com
